The mood might just be coming to
Minecraft. Everyone's heard by now that
the copper golem's coming to the game in
the next drop along with copper chests,
armor, and tools. But the copper golem
actually lost the mob vote to the LA
back in 2021. It was a tight race
between the two from the beginning since
the glare's description wasn't quite as
impressive as the other two. So, this
begs the question, could more former mob
vote candidates be making their way into
the game? The copper golem actually
wasn't the first loser to be added. The
swap biome features were added in the
1.19 update after originally losing the
biome vote to the mountain. This
included the frogs, meaning these were
really the first loser mob to be added.
But Mojang appears to be teasing even
more. The short that they uploaded to
the Minecraft channel to announce the
copper golem seems to have a sneak peek
at the very end, which I noticed thanks
to some of the comments. Two dandelions
are in a perfect line with the other
features in the last shot of the video.
Almost like the mushrooms you see on the
backs of mushrooms. The isoler was
actually the second place winner in the
mob vote that year, which the glow squid
won. So maybe this isn't enough evidence
for you, but personally I